NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             8m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             27m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                68m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
