NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                41m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   13m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
