NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          97Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                66m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              23m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             55m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             55m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             55m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             55m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             55m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             55m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             55m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             55m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             55m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             55m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             55m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             55m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             55m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             55m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             55m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             55m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             55m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             55m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             55m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             55m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             55m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             55m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             55m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             55m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             55m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             55m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             55m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             55m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             55m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             55m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             55m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             55m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             55m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             55m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             55m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             55m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             55m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             55m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             55m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             55m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
