NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        11m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          98Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             45m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                153m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             38m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        96m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                137m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   44m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             38m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        96m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                137m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   44m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
