NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           96Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               40m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             72m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 143m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   45m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   28m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          97Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 154m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               23m          98Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             46m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         116m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               23m          98Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             46m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         116m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               23m          98Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             46m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         116m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               23m          98Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             46m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         116m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               23m          98Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             46m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         116m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               23m          98Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             46m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         116m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               23m          98Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             46m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         116m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               23m          98Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             46m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         116m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               23m          98Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             46m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         116m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               23m          98Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             46m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         116m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               23m          98Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             46m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         116m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 155m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           7Mi             
