NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         65m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                97m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   33m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          118Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           5Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
