NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         51m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                76m          23Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             66m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
