NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   16m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   55m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
