NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 175m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         142m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          103Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             63m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
