NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         102m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                158m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   45m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              70m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   55m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              69m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   54m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              69m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   54m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              69m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   54m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              69m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   54m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              69m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   54m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              69m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   54m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              69m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   54m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              69m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   54m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              69m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   54m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              69m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   54m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              69m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   54m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              69m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   54m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              69m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   54m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              69m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   54m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              69m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   54m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              69m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   54m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              69m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   54m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              69m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   54m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
