NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        9m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        110m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                172m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        108m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                170m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        105m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                166m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   39m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        105m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                166m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   39m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        105m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                166m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   39m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              12m          100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        105m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                166m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   39m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
