NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        30m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                47m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   18m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             99m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        121m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                190m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
