NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               4m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             14m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         32m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 44m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   17m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   12m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 182m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               13m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             60m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 187m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
