NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             10m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         12m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 17m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             96m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 178m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               12m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             59m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         108m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 158m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   37m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             59m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         108m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 158m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   37m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             59m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         7m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         108m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 158m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   37m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
