NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           57Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           57Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           57Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           57Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           57Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           57Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           57Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           57Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           57Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           57Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           57Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           57Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           57Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           57Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           57Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           57Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           57Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           57Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           57Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           57Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           57Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           57Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           57Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           57Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           57Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           57Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           57Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           57Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           57Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           57Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           57Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           57Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           57Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           57Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           57Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           57Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           57Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           57Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           57Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             43m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        89m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                127m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   42m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        136m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             49m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             16m          58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             49m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             16m          58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             49m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             16m          58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             49m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             16m          58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             49m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             16m          58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             49m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             16m          58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             49m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             16m          58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             49m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             16m          58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             49m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             16m          58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             49m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             16m          58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             49m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             16m          58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             49m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             16m          58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             49m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             16m          58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             49m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             16m          58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             49m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             16m          58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             49m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             16m          58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             49m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             16m          58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             49m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             16m          58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             49m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             16m          58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             49m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             16m          58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             49m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             16m          58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             49m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             16m          58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             49m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             16m          58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             49m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             16m          58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             49m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             16m          58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             49m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             16m          58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             49m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             16m          58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             49m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   56m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             16m          58Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
