NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   16m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                178m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                178m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                178m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                178m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                178m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                178m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                178m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                178m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                178m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                178m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                178m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                178m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                178m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                178m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                178m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                178m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                178m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                178m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                178m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                178m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                178m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                178m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                178m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                178m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                178m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                178m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                178m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                178m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                178m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                178m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                178m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                178m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                178m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                178m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                178m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                178m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                178m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                178m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                178m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                178m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                178m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                178m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                178m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                178m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                178m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                178m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             75m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         116m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                178m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
