NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             5m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        7m           32Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                9m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   3m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             16m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   12m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           47Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
