NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         14m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 19m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             90m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             71m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         122m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
