NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              66m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          117Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
