NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             9m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         11m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 15m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   6m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   5m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           95Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             24m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           7Mi             
