NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           95Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             22m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        32m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                49m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   13m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             28m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        35m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                53m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             28m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        35m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                53m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             28m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        35m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                53m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             28m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        35m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                53m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             28m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        35m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                53m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             28m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        35m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                53m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             28m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        35m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                53m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             28m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        35m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                53m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             28m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        35m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                53m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             28m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        35m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                53m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             28m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        35m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                53m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             28m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        35m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                53m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             28m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        35m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                53m          15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
