NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           109Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           109Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           109Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           109Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           109Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           109Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           109Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           109Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           109Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           109Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           109Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           109Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           109Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           109Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           109Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           109Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           109Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           109Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           109Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           109Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           109Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           109Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           109Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           109Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           109Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           109Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           109Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           109Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           109Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           109Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           109Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           109Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           109Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           109Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           109Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           109Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           109Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           109Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           109Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             42m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        86m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                124m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   36m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             58m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                191m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
