NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         111m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 149m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   43m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             84m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           13Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
