NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             15m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         17m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 24m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   7m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             89m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             61m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         115m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 166m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
