NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           107Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             33m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         40m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 57m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   17m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             81m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   70m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          108Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           11Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
