NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           127Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         47m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    25m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             52m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                185m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           15Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           9Mi             
