NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              31m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   17m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           13Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         132m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
