NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                13m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              40m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   49m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              55m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              52m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           8Mi             
