NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         85m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                126m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    45m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
