NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         58m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                87m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    31m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           25Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             63m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         107m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                164m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   38m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         32Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   41m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         32Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   41m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         32Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   41m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         32Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   41m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         32Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   41m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         32Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   41m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         32Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   41m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         32Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   41m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         32Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   41m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         32Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   41m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         32Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   41m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         32Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   41m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         32Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   41m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         32Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   41m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         32Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   41m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         32Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   41m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         32Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   41m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         32Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   41m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         32Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   41m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         32Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   41m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         32Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   41m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         32Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   41m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         32Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   41m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         32Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   41m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         32Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   41m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         32Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   41m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         32Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   41m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         32Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   41m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         32Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   41m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         32Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   41m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         32Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   41m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         32Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   41m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             77m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         122m         32Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   41m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
