NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        47m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                72m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   26m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          48Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
