NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              27m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         60m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                93m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              71m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              74m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
