NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           116Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             103m         38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          117Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           7Mi             
