NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              9m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                94m          17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   23m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             93m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
