NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              4m           110Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        22m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                31m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              22m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        134m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             54m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
