NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             30m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         37m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 53m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             77m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          106Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             67m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
