NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             19m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         33m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                50m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    17m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   12m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                69m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           17Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
