NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             18m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         20m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 29m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   9m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             86m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         22Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   73m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           9Mi             
