NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               6m           111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             29m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         43m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 61m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   18m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   71m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          111Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             62m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         10m          8Mi             
