NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                4m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              10m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         17m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                26m          17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   9m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   8m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              73m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
