NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                160m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   53m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   39m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         133m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              76m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         134m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   47m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
